# DSP2021-Team-D2
Work of Faaris Akbar (11899573), David Chen (13642111), Josephine Chrisiani (13815091), Hualiya Li (13872893), Mengqi Zhang (13792369)

## Important note
The Google Map API function is correctly coded and integrated into the code, but to prevent excessive usage of the API key(which is payment required), the function is temporarily disabled.
Detail can be seen in line 272 of DataSystemProject_prototype/MainDashboard.py

## Environment required
Python3.8 with following dependencies installed:
- folium
- geopy
- json
- kmodes
- numpy
- pyqt5
- pandas
- sklearn

## How to run the prototype dashboard
There are two ways two run the prototype. In both ways, it is recommended to use a python venv to keep the main environment clean.

### 1. Easiest way: Directly run from terminal
1. Download the DataSystemProject_prototype folder, and cd to the folder in terminal.
2. Activate a python venv that meets the dependencies.
3. Run the following command.
```
python main.py
```

### 2. Alternative way: Using PyCharm to run the code as a project
1. Download the DataSystemProject_prototype folder.
2. Open the folder as a project in PyCharm.
3. In PyCharm, choose a python venv as the project's python interpreter, and configure the venv to meet the environment reqirement(if needed). 
4. Run the project from PyCharm.

## File Structure
- All .py files under the DataSystemProject_prototype folder are part of the prototype code.
- All .ui files under the DataSystemProject_prototype folder are UI prototype generated using Qt Designer app.
- MapOutput.html will store the interactive map generated by dashboard while the dashboard is being used.
- In the DataSystemProject_prototype/raw_data folder are .xlsx files required for the dashboard to run. Neighborhood data, defualt settings of weights and importance of features for clustering groups are stored here. The dashboard would update these files when during the usage.
